What are you talking about?
continue
I said I asked Jiang Yuhang to kill that old woman
I set you up for jail
No way. I'm not my best friend?
Friend, you are a country bumpkin.
You deserve to be my friend
I'm going to marry into a wealthy family
Playing with you just thinks you're stupid
Just fit to be my foil
If you lose points, sign this.
I can still get less rebellion from the judge
No way. I won't sign it.
It's even less likely to give you a chance to come close to performance
And the police will definitely find out where the water fell
In fact, you can choose not to sign
Someone take good care of him for me
Because after success
Everyone will think you are killing for this
And I didn't become a real hunter